/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e052.tess.txt
cestivas corsetto et clochia 
 pro 
cestivas+corsetto+et+clochia+;~;pro+
festivals corsetto et cloches 
pro 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e052.tess.txt
even in those early days, 
even+in+those+early+days,+
even in these early days, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e052.tess.txt
smalle, jollyf, and well.” 
 
 To 
smalle,+jollyf,+and+well.”+;~;;~;To+
small, jolly f, and well." 

To 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e052.tess.txt
nine ells, Paris measure, for 
nine+ells,+Paris+measure,+for+
nine kills, Paris measure, for 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c046.tess.txt
King. 
 “A laden ass signiﬁes 
King.+;~;“A+laden+ass+signiﬁes+
King. 
"Aladeen ass signifies 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e021.tess.txt

 Paciﬁc and Indian Oceanvve have 
;~;Paciﬁc+and+Indian+Oceanvve+have+

Pacific and Indian Ocean vve have 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e021.tess.txt
a corset made of 
 ‘1norocco,’ 
a+corset+made+of+;~;‘1norocco,’+
a corset made of 
'morocco,' 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b030.tess.txt
gramnivorous animals, the skin of 
gramnivorous+animals,+the+skin+of+
graminivorous animals, the skin of 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b030.tess.txt

 to the Tiger genera? But 
;~;to+the+Tiger+genera?+But+

to the Tiger general? But 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d029.tess.txt
a twinkle in her dark 
a+twinkle+in+her+dark+
a twinkle in the dark 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d029.tess.txt
it is interesting,” Audry 
 replied. 
it+is+interesting,”+Audry+;~;replied.+
it is interesting," Audrey 
replied. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d029.tess.txt
certainly must be of some 
certainly+must+be+of+some+
certainty must be of some 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d028.tess.txt
James Mowbray, Audry’s great-great- 
 grandfather, 
James+Mowbray,+Audry’s+great-great-+;~;grandfather,+
James Mowbray, Audrey's great-great- 
grandfather, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d028.tess.txt
ever entered it. ' 
 
 The children 
ever+entered+it.+'+;~;;~;The+children+
never entered it. ' 

The children 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a087.tess.txt

 
 The cathedral of Etchmiatzin built 
;~;;~;The+cathedral+of+Etchmiatzin+built+


The cathedral of Etchmiadzin built 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a087.tess.txt
to Romklah, and in 1294 
to+Romklah,+and+in+1294+
to Romklao, and in 1294 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a087.tess.txt
the seat of the Catholicus 
the+seat+of+the+Catholicus+
the seat of the Catholic 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f021.tess.txt
mounted man who bade you 
mounted+man+who+bade+you+
mounted man who made you 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d052.tess.txt
separat- 
 ing the little holdings. 
separat-+;~;ing+the+little+holdings.+
separate- 
in the little holdings. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d052.tess.txt
cottage which 
 was even humbler 
cottage+which+;~;was+even+humbler+
cottage which 
was even number 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h027.tess.txt
born in Mousely, 
 Leicestershire, England, 
born+in+Mousely,+;~;Leicestershire,+England,+
born in Mosely, 
Leicestershire, England, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j015.tess.txt
4. THE SEVEX STEPS IN 
4.+THE+SEVEX+STEPS+IN+
4. THE SEVEN STEPS IN 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h018.tess.txt

 
 VI Pry (z [a—l/I/razz’I/(I‘AHI. 
 
 It 
;~;;~;VI+Pry+~;~z+[a—l/I/razz’I/~;~I‘AHI.+;~;;~;It+


VIPr y (z [a-l/I/razz'I/(I'AHI. 

It 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h018.tess.txt
I make abode: 
 Then hasten 
I+make+abode:+;~;Then+hasten+
I make adobe: 
Then hasten 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b018.tess.txt
4 ' CARNIVOROUS QUADRUPEDS. 
 
 N0. III. 
4+'+CARNIVOROUS+QUADRUPEDS.+;~;;~;N0.+III.+
4 ' CARNIVOROUS QUADRUPEDS. 

N 0. III. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b018.tess.txt
in a state of tranquillity. 
in+a+state+of+tranquillity.+
in a state of tranquility. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b018.tess.txt
eyes of the couching Lion 
eyes+of+the+couching+Lion+
eyes of the crouching Lion 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b018.tess.txt
character is most happily marked. 
character+is+most+happily+marked.+
character is most happily married. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b018.tess.txt
has an appalling effect—His brow 
has+an+appalling+effect—His+brow+
has an appalling effect-Chris brown 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i022.tess.txt

 near top speed and were 
;~;near+top+speed+and+were+

near top speed and where 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i022.tess.txt
pace. . 
 
 YVhen I bought my 
pace.+.+;~;;~;YVhen+I+bought+my+
pace. . 

When I bought my 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i022.tess.txt

 voyed through the war zone, 
;~;voyed+through+the+war+zone,+

moved through the war zone, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h015.tess.txt
attired,gald; and, for distinction, a 
attired,gald;+and,+for+distinction,+a+
attired,gold; and, for distinction, a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f047.tess.txt
and shroddes full fayre, 
 And 
and+shroddes+full+fayre,+;~;And+
and shredded full fayre, 
And 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f047.tess.txt
poets 
 cannot match: 
 
 The woodweele 
poets+;~;cannot+match:+;~;;~;The+woodweele+
poets 
cannot match: 

The woodville 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b028.tess.txt
of that celerity of motion 
of+that+celerity+of+motion+
of that celebrity of motion 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b028.tess.txt
can 
 ﬂeed only on ﬂesh. 
can+;~;ﬂeed+only+on+ﬂesh.+
can 
feed only on flash. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b028.tess.txt
touching the ground; whence they 
touching+the+ground;+whence+they+
touching the ground; when they 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c039.tess.txt
I, Zabulun, 
 was once a 
I,+Zabulun,+;~;was+once+a+
I, Zebulun, 
was once a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h036.tess.txt
off making the deed until 
off+making+the+deed+until+
off making the dead until 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h036.tess.txt
Lucinda Ellis. 
 3. Phebe Goodsell. 
Lucinda+Ellis.+;~;3.+Phebe+Goodsell.+
Lucinda Ellis. 
3. Phoebe Goodsell. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f044.tess.txt
26 HALEHOURS WITH THE HIGHWA 
26+HALEHOURS+WITH+THE+HIGHWA+
26 HALE HOURS WITH THE HIGHWA 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f044.tess.txt
YMEN 
 
 and is the sign 
YMEN+;~;;~;and+is+the+sign+
YEMEN 

and is the sign 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h046.tess.txt
Mahlon and Sevelon, twins, Ethline, 
Mahlon+and+Sevelon,+twins,+Ethline,+
Mahlon and Evelin, twins, Etheline, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h046.tess.txt
Blackman’s. Children: \Villiam \Vallace, born 
Blackman’s.+Children:+\Villiam+\Vallace,+born+
Black man's. Children: \William \Wallace, born 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h046.tess.txt

 1 September, 1870. 
 
 I. PHEBE, 
;~;1+September,+1870.+;~;;~;I.+PHEBE,+

1 September, 1870. 

I. PHOEBE, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h046.tess.txt
; married Mary Moreu. 
 
 tutor-a 
 
 cow 
;+married+Mary+Moreu.+;~;;~;tutor-a+;~;;~;cow+
; married Mary Mary. 

tudor-a 

cow 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a019.tess.txt
Turkey. To the earnest and 
Turkey.+To+the+earnest+and+
Turkey. To the nearest and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a019.tess.txt
Islam has not been 
 dulled, 
Islam+has+not+been+;~;dulled,+
Islam has not been 
pulled, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b013.tess.txt
CARNI VOROUS QUADRUPEDS. 
 
 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF 
CARNI+VOROUS+QUADRUPEDS.+;~;;~;;~;;~;DESCRIPTION+OF+
CARNIVOROUS QUADRUPEDS. 



DESCRIPTION OF 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b013.tess.txt
GILPIN, COOPER, and the REINAGLES, 
GILPIN,+COOPER,+and+the+REINAGLES,+
GILPIN, COOPER, and the REINAGLE, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b013.tess.txt
historical or poetical painters, of 
historical+or+poetical+painters,+of+
historical or political painters, of 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e050.tess.txt
Triamore, daughter of the King 
Triamore,+daughter+of+the+King+
Tramore, daughter of the King 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e042.tess.txt
round her, and you’ll quickly 
round+her,+and+you’ll+quickly+
round here, and you'll quickly 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a017.tess.txt
heaped on every side. \Vhat 
heaped+on+every+side.+\Vhat+
header on every side. \What 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a017.tess.txt
press there comes news offamine 
press+there+comes+news+offamine+
press here comes news offline 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a017.tess.txt
Constantinople, and the Armenian Patriarch 
Constantinople,+and+the+Armenian+Patriarch+
Constantinople, and the Armenian Patriarchate 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a017.tess.txt
Mush as a Kurdish attack 
Mush+as+a+Kurdish+attack+
Much as a Kurdish attack 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a017.tess.txt

 Almeniau villages from Kurdish and 
;~;Almeniau+villages+from+Kurdish+and+

Ilmenau villages from Kurdish and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e028.tess.txt
an artiﬁcial 
 taste set up 
an+artiﬁcial+;~;taste+set+up+
an artificial 
taste setup 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a050.tess.txt
has accepted whole-heartedly the position 
has+accepted+whole-heartedly+the+position+
has accepted wholeheartedly the position 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a050.tess.txt
position of woman has 
 moulded 
position+of+woman+has+;~;moulded+
position of woman has 
molded 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a050.tess.txt
have 
 beaten successfully and disastrously 
have+;~;beaten+successfully+and+disastrously+
have 
been successfully and disastrously 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j063.tess.txt

 Suﬂicient to say that this 
;~;Suﬂicient+to+say+that+this+

Sufficient to say that this 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j063.tess.txt
enhancing the edu- 
 cational value 
enhancing+the+edu-+;~;cational+value+
enhancing the edu- 
national value 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h035.tess.txt
Marnacatou, Duchess Co., N. Y., 
Marnacatou,+Duchess+Co.,+N.+Y.,+
Maracatu, Duchess Co., N. Y., 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h035.tess.txt
all born at \Vhite Plains: 
all+born+at+\Vhite+Plains:+
all born at \White Plains: 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e059.tess.txt
tailor was found 
 fully equal 
tailor+was+found+;~;fully+equal+
taylor was found 
fully equal 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j040.tess.txt
thoroly 
 pliable. Then lay it 
thoroly+;~;pliable.+Then+lay+it+
thoroughly 
pliable. Then lay it 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j050.tess.txt
be woven with dry strands. 
be+woven+with+dry+strands.+
be women with dry strands. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j050.tess.txt
in water. 
 
 The Weaving Process.—VVith 
in+water.+;~;;~;The+Weaving+Process.—VVith+
in water. 

The Weaving Process.-With 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j034.tess.txt

 THE CANIXG NEEDLE IN I'SE. 
;~;THE+CANIXG+NEEDLE+IN+I'SE.+

THE CANING NEEDLE IN I'SE. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f013.tess.txt
the nine- 
 teenth century, is 
the+nine-+;~;teenth+century,+is+
the nine- 
tenth century, is 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a056.tess.txt
ofRahel weeping for 
 .her slaughtered 
ofRahel+weeping+for+;~;.her+slaughtered+
of Rachel weeping for 
.her slaughtered 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a056.tess.txt
and held the highest place 
and+held+the+highest+place+
hand held the highest place 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a056.tess.txt
ofhis people. 
 Mr. james Bryce 
ofhis+people.+;~;Mr.+james+Bryce+
of his people. 
Mr. james Bryce 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g026.tess.txt
the 
 paradoxical farce of participating 
the+;~;paradoxical+farce+of+participating+
the 
paradoxical force of participating 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a025.tess.txt
August 26, a band ofabout 
August+26,+a+band+ofabout+
August 26, a band of about 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a025.tess.txt
promise 
 ofsafety. Meanwhile the Government, 
promise+;~;ofsafety.+Meanwhile+the+Government,+
promise 
of safety. Meanwhile the Government, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a025.tess.txt
employ the Turkish tufﬁans 111 
employ+the+Turkish+tufﬁans+111+
employ the Turkish ruffians 111 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a025.tess.txt
clerks, domestic ser- 
 vants, porters 
clerks,+domestic+ser-+;~;vants,+porters+
clerks, domestic ser- 
wants, porters 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a025.tess.txt
was stopped, though sporadic slaughter 
was+stopped,+though+sporadic+slaughter+
was stopped, through sporadic slaughter 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g032.tess.txt
In- 
 dian tribe inhabiting round 
In-+;~;dian+tribe+inhabiting+round+
In- 
indian tribe inhabiting round 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g032.tess.txt

 called Pencacolas. which had been 
;~;called+Pencacolas.+which+had+been+

called Pensacola. which had been 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a006.tess.txt
Abd-ul 
 Hamid and his Yildiz 
Abd-ul+;~;Hamid+and+his+Yildiz+
Abdul 
Hamid and his Yildiz 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f040.tess.txt
thighs 
 about ﬁve inches from 
thighs+;~;about+ﬁve+inches+from+
things 
about five inches from 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e038.tess.txt
a more tractable and orderly 
a+more+tractable+and+orderly+
amo retractable and orderly 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e038.tess.txt
recourse to for the achievement 
recourse+to+for+the+achievement+
resource to for the achievement 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h022.tess.txt
View, Southold. It is doubly 
View,+Southold.+It+is+doubly+
View, Southold. It is double 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h022.tess.txt
used for a grain cask, 
used+for+a+grain+cask,+
used for a grain sack, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h031.tess.txt
John 
 Youngs, grandson of Rev. 
John+;~;Youngs,+grandson+of+Rev.+
John 
Young, grandson of Rev. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j030.tess.txt
of caning for the work 
of+caning+for+the+work+
of caring for the work 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j030.tess.txt
be caned for a minimum 
be+caned+for+a+minimum+
be changed for a minimum 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j030.tess.txt
had instruction and suﬂicient experience 
had+instruction+and+suﬂicient+experience+
had instruction and sufficient experience 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j030.tess.txt
in 
 caning in the manual 
in+;~;caning+in+the+manual+
in 
canning in the manual 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c025.tess.txt
following the goat 
 tracks till 
following+the+goat+;~;tracks+till+
following the goat 
track still 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f039.tess.txt
to search for Dun.” Fail- 
to+search+for+Dun.”+Fail-+
to search for Gun." Fail- 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g019.tess.txt
dispelled. 
 
 N0 tidings of the 
dispelled.+;~;;~;N0+tidings+of+the+
dispelled. 

N 0 tidings of the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g019.tess.txt
and infested by wild beasts. 
and+infested+by+wild+beasts.+
and infected by wild beasts. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e049.tess.txt
Pepin—Revival of the 
 taste for 
Pepin—Revival+of+the+;~;taste+for+
Pippin-Revival of the 
taste for 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e049.tess.txt
in England—Reckless hardihood of a 
in+England—Reckless+hardihood+of+a+
in England-Reckless hardwood of a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e049.tess.txt
it is probable that a 
it+is+probable+that+a+
it is probably that a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e049.tess.txt
do not ﬁnd any marked 
do+not+ﬁnd+any+marked+
do not find any market 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d016.tess.txt
she went to live in 
she+went+to+live+in+
she wants to live in 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d016.tess.txt
for supe- 
 rior young ladies 
for+supe-+;~;rior+young+ladies+
for super- 
rigor young ladies 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i030.tess.txt
them from the purser. 
 
 I 
them+from+the+purser.+;~;;~;I+
theme from the purser. 

In 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i030.tess.txt
consider it most extraor- 
 dinary 
consider+it+most+extraor-+;~;dinary+
consider it most extra- 
ordinary 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i030.tess.txt

 D were open, and so 
;~;D+were+open,+and+so+

Were open, and so 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e037.tess.txt
owed no slight obligation to 
owed+no+slight+obligation+to+
owned no slight obligation to 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j043.tess.txt
RESEATING A CHAIR; CANE WEBBING 
RESEATING+A+CHAIR;+CANE+WEBBING+
RESETTING A CHAIR; CANE WEBBING 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j043.tess.txt
STEPS IX INSERTING WOVEN CANE. 
STEPS+IX+INSERTING+WOVEN+CANE.+
STEP SIX INSERTING WOVEN CANE. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f036.tess.txt
been 
 infested with robbers, and 
been+;~;infested+with+robbers,+and+
been 
infected with robbers, and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f036.tess.txt
woods that aﬁorded 
 such safe 
woods+that+aﬁorded+;~;such+safe+
words that afforded 
such safe 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a077.tess.txt

 country Aramia and the people 
;~;country+Aramia+and+the+people+

country Arabia and the people 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a077.tess.txt
Neuchar king of Media, whom 
Neuchar+king+of+Media,+whom+
New char king of Media, whom 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a077.tess.txt
of Aram BC. 1796. Also 
of+Aram+BC.+1796.+Also+
of Ara mBC. 1796. Also 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a077.tess.txt
of knowledoe now lost to 
of+knowledoe+now+lost+to+
of knowledge now lost to 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a077.tess.txt
been left 
 to us, there 
been+left+;~;to+us,+there+
been left 
out, there 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a077.tess.txt
bx foreign uriters as “a 
bx+foreign+uriters+as+“a+
bx foreign writers as "a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a077.tess.txt

 Northern Mesopotamia, together \1ith the 
;~;Northern+Mesopotamia,+together+\1ith+the+

Northern Mesopotamia, together \with the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a077.tess.txt
mountainous country of Atarat, 
 under 
mountainous+country+of+Atarat,+;~;under+
mountainous country of Ararat, 
under 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f029.tess.txt
CAPTAIN ALEXANDER SMITH n 
 
 mised 
CAPTAIN+ALEXANDER+SMITH+n+;~;;~;mised+
CAPTAIN ALEXANDER SMITH n 

missed 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f029.tess.txt
bungler in the art. Royalist 
bungler+in+the+art.+Royalist+
bungle in the art. Royalist 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f029.tess.txt
to the 
 heart’s core of 
to+the+;~;heart’s+core+of+
to the 
earth's core of 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h041.tess.txt
1813; married 1. Elizabeth Krimer, 
1813;+married+1.+Elizabeth+Krimer,+
1813; married 1. Elizabeth Kramer, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h041.tess.txt
resides at Liberty, Sullivan Co., 
resides+at+Liberty,+Sullivan+Co.,+
residences at Liberty, Sullivan Co., 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c042.tess.txt
The ﬁrst 
 wall is white, 
The+ﬁrst+;~;wall+is+white,+
The first 
wallis white, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i029.tess.txt
THE LUSITANIA’S LAST VOYAGE 
 
 and 
THE+LUSITANIA’S+LAST+VOYAGE+;~;;~;and+
THE LUSITANIA LAST VOYAGE 

and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g040.tess.txt

 lishment of the Perdido as 
;~;lishment+of+the+Perdido+as+

ligament of the Perdido as 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g040.tess.txt

 isolated facts, but in studying 
;~;isolated+facts,+but+in+studying+

isolated facts, about in studying 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g040.tess.txt
their threads of con- 
 nection 
their+threads+of+con-+;~;nection+
their threads of con- 
reaction 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a035.tess.txt
‘25 
 
 hoping that fer their 
‘25+;~;;~;hoping+that+fer+their+
'25 

hoping that for their 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a035.tess.txt
sakes the history of the 
sakes+the+history+of+the+
shakes the history of the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a035.tess.txt
human fiend who held 
 sovereignty 
human+fiend+who+held+;~;sovereignty+
human friend who held 
sovereignty 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a035.tess.txt
over them. 
 
 Hunted like wild 
over+them.+;~;;~;Hunted+like+wild+
over the. 

Hunted like wild 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a035.tess.txt
a magniﬁcent coup d’etdt of 
a+magniﬁcent+coup+d’etdt+of+
a magnificent coup d'etat of 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f033.tess.txt
a Gamaliel Ratsey, highwayman, hanged 
a+Gamaliel+Ratsey,+highwayman,+hanged+
a Gamaliel Ramsey, highwayman, hanged 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f033.tess.txt

 but told withdut the slightest 
;~;but+told+withdut+the+slightest+

butt old without the slightest 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f033.tess.txt
ﬁlching 
 career, by making use 
ﬁlching+;~;career,+by+making+use+
fishing 
career, by making use 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a070.tess.txt
thy treacherous heart. N0 
 poisoned 
thy+treacherous+heart.+N0+;~;poisoned+
the treacherous heart. N 0 
poisoned 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a070.tess.txt
palaces trickled 
 down thy throat 
palaces+trickled+;~;down+thy+throat+
palaces trickled 
down the throat 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a070.tess.txt
to end thy vampire existence. 
to+end+thy+vampire+existence.+
to end the vampire existence. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a070.tess.txt
the Nemesis of thy crimes 
the+Nemesis+of+thy+crimes+
the Nemesis of the crimes 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a070.tess.txt
of superhuman being who swept 
of+superhuman+being+who+swept+
of superhuman being who slept 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a070.tess.txt
but 
 the co-operation ofthe people 
but+;~;the+co-operation+ofthe+people+
but 
the cooperation of the people 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i036.tess.txt
sea was wonderquy smooth, and 
sea+was+wonderquy+smooth,+and+
sea was wonder quy smooth, and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j031.tess.txt
it; the line runs thru 
it;+the+line+runs+thru+
it; the line runs through 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f022.tess.txt

 clapped that pitch-plaster over your 
;~;clapped+that+pitch-plaster+over+your+

slapped that pitch-plaster over your 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c035.tess.txt
“'estern 
 Island, stayed with him, 
“'estern+;~;Island,+stayed+with+him,+
"'easter 
Island, stayed with him, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j018.tess.txt
loose. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 SUGGEBTIVE PROJ ECTS. 

loose.+;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;SUGGEBTIVE+PROJ+ECTS.+;~;
loose. 











SUGGESTIVE PROJECTS. 


/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j044.tess.txt
not appreciable. 
 
 The frame illustrated 
not+appreciable.+;~;;~;The+frame+illustrated+
not appreciate. 

The frame illustrated 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j044.tess.txt
a spline in- 
 serted. 
 
 D 
a+spline+in-+;~;serted.+;~;;~;D+
a spline in- 
sorted. 

D 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h011.tess.txt

 Yarnel/a. 
 
 Page 26, line 6, 
;~;Yarnel/a.+;~;;~;Page+26,+line+6,+

Yarnell/a. 

Page 26, line 6, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j013.tess.txt
for marking. Several wood pegs 
for+marking.+Several+wood+pegs+
for making. Several wood pegs 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j013.tess.txt
suﬂicient. 
 
 Beginning the Operation—Fig. 2 
suﬂicient.+;~;;~;Beginning+the+Operation—Fig.+2+
sufficient. 

Beginning the Operation-Fig. 2 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f050.tess.txt

 is typical. The petitioners solicited 
;~;is+typical.+The+petitioners+solicited+

is typical. The petitioners solicitud 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f050.tess.txt
his 
 haunts in Sherwood Forest. 
his+;~;haunts+in+Sherwood+Forest.+
his 
hands in Sherwood Forest. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a057.tess.txt
high dignitary oftbc Palace, requesting 
high+dignitary+oftbc+Palace,+requesting+
high dignitary of tbc Palace, requesting 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j021.tess.txt
areas on many pieces of 
areas+on+many+pieces+of+
a reason many pieces of 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j021.tess.txt
commended. 
 
 \Vherever it is found 
commended.+;~;;~;\Vherever+it+is+found+
commended. 

\Wherever it is found 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j011.tess.txt
The cane is then ready 
The+cane+is+then+ready+
The cane is the ready 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f031.tess.txt
curfe, which is dash’d” (much 
curfe,+which+is+dash’d”+~;~much+
curve, which is dash'd" (much 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e043.tess.txt
servants and slaves, the dependants 
servants+and+slaves,+the+dependants+
servants and slaves, the dependents 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j069.tess.txt
strand is woven in the 
strand+is+woven+in+the+
strand is women in the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j069.tess.txt
the opposite 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 FIG. 54. “"EAYING 
the+opposite+;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;FIG.+54.+“"EAYING+
the opposite 









FIG. 54. ""EATING 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f032.tess.txt
HIGH WA YMEN 
 
 little acquainted 
HIGH+WA+YMEN+;~;;~;little+acquainted+
HIGHWAYMEN 

little acquainted 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f032.tess.txt
were 
 ,biographers of highwaymen before 
were+;~;,biographers+of+highwaymen+before+
were 
,biographies of highwaymen before 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f032.tess.txt
him at 
 those merry adventures; 
him+at+;~;those+merry+adventures;+
him at 
the merry adventures; 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j032.tess.txt
ﬁrst two. These four lines 
ﬁrst+two.+These+four+lines+
first two. Three four lines 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j032.tess.txt
the 
 locating of the holes 
the+;~;locating+of+the+holes+
the 
location of the holes 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e045.tess.txt
colours 
 and kinds. The net 
colours+;~;and+kinds.+The+net+
colours 
and kids. The net 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h040.tess.txt

 
 and 7. W'illiam and Elizabeth, 
;~;;~;and+7.+W'illiam+and+Elizabeth,+


and 7. William and Elizabeth, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h040.tess.txt

 
 . Debora Ann, born 5 March, 
;~;;~;.+Debora+Ann,+born+5+March,+


. Deborah Ann, born 5 March, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h040.tess.txt

 Knapp and Esther \Vright, and 
;~;Knapp+and+Esther+\Vright,+and+

Knapp and Esther \Wright, and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g020.tess.txt
a report—the ﬁrst oﬁicial report— 
a+report—the+ﬁrst+oﬁicial+report—+
a report-the first official report- 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d044.tess.txt
instinct to 
 snatch at all 
instinct+to+;~;snatch+at+all+
instinct to 
snapchat all 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d044.tess.txt
that puzzles and disgusts their 
that+puzzles+and+disgusts+their+
that puzzles and discuss their 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i023.tess.txt
“essay” appeared in the 
 “Philistine” 
“essay”+appeared+in+the+;~;“Philistine”+
"essay" appeared in the 
"Philippines" 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d014.tess.txt
é'.) 
 
 M OAT. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CRANARY. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 DRAW- 
é'.;0;+;~;;~;M+OAT.+;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;CRANARY.+;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;DRAW-+
é'.) 

MOAT. 






CANARY. 







DRAW- 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d014.tess.txt
compass is inverted. The scale 
compass+is+inverted.+The+scale+
compass is invented. The scale 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c052.tess.txt
nests. And so men gather 
nests.+And+so+men+gather+
nests. And women gather 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d022.tess.txt
thing, too. How little they 
thing,+too.+How+little+they+
thing, to. How little they 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c019.tess.txt
table, and the cords that 
table,+and+the+cords+that+
table, and the words that 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a024.tess.txt
par les sourdes menées de 
par+les+sourdes+menées+de+
par les sources menées de 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a024.tess.txt
complice‘. 
 
 “Si ces ’prétendus patriotards 
complice‘.+;~;;~;“Si+ces+’prétendus+patriotards+
complice'. 

"Si ces 'prétendus patriot ar ds 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a024.tess.txt
humaine ne peut 
 queb cragner 
humaine+ne+peut+;~;queb+cragner+
humaine ne peut 
que crainer 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e060.tess.txt
compositions, also gave a marked 
compositions,+also+gave+a+marked+
compositions, also have a marked 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e060.tess.txt

 bordered with white beads, the 
;~;bordered+with+white+beads,+the+

bordered with white beans, the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e060.tess.txt
appear to have been 
 practised 
appear+to+have+been+;~;practised+
appear to have been 
practiced 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g030.tess.txt
to 
 Vera Cruz, to make 
to+;~;Vera+Cruz,+to+make+
to 
VeraCruz, to make 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j010.tess.txt

 
 \VOMEN SOR’I‘ING AND STRIPPINI} IH'ITAX. 
;~;;~;\VOMEN+SOR’I‘ING+AND+STRIPPINI}+IH'ITAX.+


\WOMEN SOR'I'ING AND STRIPPIN} IH'ITAX. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j010.tess.txt

 
 NATIVE MEN AND 
 
 SCENE 1N 
;~;;~;NATIVE+MEN+AND+;~;;~;SCENE+1N+


NATIVE MEN AND 

SCENE 1 N 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i024.tess.txt
explosion quickly fol- 
 lowed, but 
explosion+quickly+fol-+;~;lowed,+but+
explosion quickly for- 
love, but 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a042.tess.txt
the brutal domination of liussia. 
the+brutal+domination+of+liussia.+
the brutal domination of russian. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a042.tess.txt
Ararat by thousands ayear to 
Ararat+by+thousands+ayear+to+
Ararat by thousands year to 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a042.tess.txt
saw them, possessing nothing in 
saw+them,+possessing+nothing+in+
saw theme, possessing nothing in 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a042.tess.txt
tatters 
 that cover them, and 
tatters+;~;that+cover+them,+and+
tattoos 
that cover them, and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a042.tess.txt
creed ofSt. Marx. 
 The “Flag,” 
creed+ofSt.+Marx.+;~;The+“Flag,”+
creed of St. Marx. 
The "Flag," 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a042.tess.txt
they will naturally unite 
 with 
they+will+naturally+unite+;~;with+
they will naturally unit 
with 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i037.tess.txt
to topmast. 
 
 The present style 
to+topmast.+;~;;~;The+present+style+
to thomas. 

The present style 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i037.tess.txt
kind ﬁlled 
 with hard cork, 
kind+ﬁlled+;~;with+hard+cork,+
kind filled 
with hard cock, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i037.tess.txt
the worse for my ducking, 
the+worse+for+my+ducking,+
the worse for my fucking, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j049.tess.txt

 main here until thoroly dry. 
;~;main+here+until+thoroly+dry.+

main here until thoroughly dry. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j049.tess.txt

 
 
 
 FIG. 39. ISORIETRIC DRA‘VING 0F 
;~;;~;;~;;~;FIG.+39.+ISORIETRIC+DRA‘VING+0F+




FIG. 39. ISOMETRIC DRAWING 0F 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j008.tess.txt
to re-use the material in 
to+re-use+the+material+in+
to reuse the material in 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j008.tess.txt
the frontispieee; to M. F. 
the+frontispieee;+to+M.+F.+
the frontispiece; to M. F. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j008.tess.txt
Trainingr who have assisted in 
Trainingr+who+have+assisted+in+
Training who have assisted in 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c020.tess.txt
King 
 hIanus owned, began the 
King+;~;hIanus+owned,+began+the+
King 
hyenas owned, began the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d053.tess.txt
oiled can- 
 vas on a 
oiled+can-+;~;vas+on+a+
oiled can- 
vasona 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d053.tess.txt
wooden kists 
 or chests, a 
wooden+kists+;~;or+chests,+a+
wooden kiss 
or chests, a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d053.tess.txt
dilapidated spinning wheel and a 
dilapidated+spinning+wheel+and+a+
dilapidated spinning wheel and axle 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d053.tess.txt
but the interior 
 was concealed 
but+the+interior+;~;was+concealed+
but the interior 
was canceled 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e009.tess.txt
sort of ﬁgurative 
 battle-ﬁeld, where 
sort+of+ﬁgurative+;~;battle-ﬁeld,+where+
sort of figurative 
battlefield, where 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e009.tess.txt
together such extracts from despatches, 
together+such+extracts+from+despatches,+
together such extracts from dispatches, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e009.tess.txt

 vicissitudes of war, mark its 
;~;vicissitudes+of+war,+mark+its+

vicissitudes of war, markets 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f052.tess.txt
ever one of 
 the chiefest 
ever+one+of+;~;the+chiefest+
ever one of 
the cheapest 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f052.tess.txt
of 'Staﬁordshire, 
 after the disastrous 
of+'Staﬁordshire,+;~;after+the+disastrous+
of 'Staffordshire, 
after the disastrous 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g016.tess.txt
acavern.” 
 
 These were the ﬁrst 
acavern.”+;~;;~;These+were+the+ﬁrst+
cavern." 

These were the first 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g016.tess.txt
theylanded 
 on the Island, there 
theylanded+;~;on+the+Island,+there+
they landed 
on the Island, there 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g016.tess.txt
olid about 
 1480, was a 
olid+about+;~;1480,+was+a+
old about 
1480, was a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g016.tess.txt
charges of insubordina- 
 tion to 
charges+of+insubordina-+;~;tion+to+
charges of insubordinate- 
tion to 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f024.tess.txt
6 HALF-H0 URS W1 TH 
6+HALF-H0+URS+W1+TH+
6 HALF-H0URS W1 TH 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f024.tess.txt
THE HIGHWA YMEN 
 
 expression on 
THE+HIGHWA+YMEN+;~;;~;expression+on+
THE HIGHWAYMEN 

expression on 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f024.tess.txt
in- 
 sisted that he should 
in-+;~;sisted+that+he+should+
in- 
sister that he should 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f024.tess.txt
ply a less respected craft 
ply+a+less+respected+craft+
play a less respected craft 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j059.tess.txt
VVEAVING 
 
 Reeds which are used 
VVEAVING+;~;;~;Reeds+which+are+used+
WEAVING 

Reeds which are used 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j029.tess.txt

 most direct, and withal the 
;~;most+direct,+and+withal+the+

most direct, and with the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j054.tess.txt
rather diﬂicult to weave because 
rather+diﬂicult+to+weave+because+
rather difficult to weave because 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j054.tess.txt
line across rail 2. Similarly, 
line+across+rail+2.+Similarly,+
linea crossrail 2. Similarly, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c015.tess.txt
told when the neigh of 
told+when+the+neigh+of+
told when the night of 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i032.tess.txt
THE LUSITANIA’S LAST VOYAGE 
 
 True, 
THE+LUSITANIA’S+LAST+VOYAGE+;~;;~;True,+
THE LUSITANIA LAST VOYAGE 

True, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i032.tess.txt
the davits. The 
 steamer was 
the+davits.+The+;~;steamer+was+
the davis. The 
steamer was 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i032.tess.txt
looking for’ard and seeing 
 
 (16) 
looking+for’ard+and+seeing+;~;;~;~;~16;0;+
looking forward and seeing 
;(;~16) 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a051.tess.txt
ever driving back the ever 
ever+driving+back+the+ever+
ever driving back the river 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a051.tess.txt
but we must remember His 
but+we+must+remember+His+
but we must remember This 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c037.tess.txt

 Those gardens I will speak 
;~;Those+gardens+I+will+speak+

House gardens I will speak 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g038.tess.txt
the second, though 
 actually but 
the+second,+though+;~;actually+but+
the second, through 
actually but 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h025.tess.txt

 
 Page 535. Southold Estcmation for 
;~;;~;Page+535.+Southold+Estcmation+for+


Page 535. Southold Estimation for 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h025.tess.txt
Bathia Horton, Elizabeth 
 Horton, Zeruiah 
Bathia+Horton,+Elizabeth+;~;Horton,+Zeruiah+
Bahia Horton, Elizabeth 
Horton, Zeruiah 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h025.tess.txt
as nearly 
 as possible. The 
as+nearly+;~;as+possible.+The+
as early 
as possible. The 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a044.tess.txt
Massacres of a nature so 
Massacres+of+a+nature+so+
Massacres of a nature sound 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a044.tess.txt
if meant in a political 
if+meant+in+a+political+
if meat in a political 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a044.tess.txt
the base of Ararat, where 
the+base+of+Ararat,+where+
the base of Ararat, were 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d017.tess.txt

 never let her rest, I 
;~;never+let+her+rest,+I+

never let her rest, In 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d017.tess.txt
body. He sighed a 
 little 
body.+He+sighed+a+;~;little+
body. He signed a 
little 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h039.tess.txt
Jefferson County, New York: 
 
 . Phebe, 
Jefferson+County,+New+York:+;~;;~;.+Phebe,+
Jefferson County, New York: 

. Phoebe, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h039.tess.txt
Church. He was awarm supporter 
Church.+He+was+awarm+supporter+
Church. He was a warm supporter 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h039.tess.txt

 and successfully to promote. He 
;~;and+successfully+to+promote.+He+

and successfully to promote. Healthy 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g029.tess.txt
river wnich, 
 instead of crossing, 
river+wnich,+;~;instead+of+crossing,+
river which, 
instead of crossing, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g029.tess.txt

 crossed the line of de 
;~;crossed+the+line+of+de+

crossed the line of defense 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g029.tess.txt
the 
 then sparsity of population, 
the+;~;then+sparsity+of+population,+
the 
the sparsity of population, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g029.tess.txt
eventually thwarted 
 bythe discontent and 
eventually+thwarted+;~;bythe+discontent+and+
eventually thwarted 
by the discontent and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g029.tess.txt
the most ofwhom, from the 
the+most+ofwhom,+from+the+
the most of whom, from the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j038.tess.txt
close woven, in both the 
close+woven,+in+both+the+
close women, in both the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j039.tess.txt

 sistent with fair money returns. 
;~;sistent+with+fair+money+returns.+

assistant with fair money returns. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j039.tess.txt
special diﬂiculty should be encountered 
special+diﬂiculty+should+be+encountered+
special difficulty should be encountered 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i033.tess.txt
THE LUSITANIA’S LAST VOYAGE 
 
 someone, 
THE+LUSITANIA’S+LAST+VOYAGE+;~;;~;someone,+
THE LUSITANIA LAST VOYAGE 

someone, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j035.tess.txt
along with skill in caning, 
along+with+skill+in+caning,+
along with skill in canning, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c047.tess.txt
ancient dwarf too, for he 
ancient+dwarf+too,+for+he+
ancient dwarf too, for her 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h033.tess.txt
Rachel; married 
 Daniel \Vright. 4. 
Rachel;+married+;~;Daniel+\Vright.+4.+
Rachel; married 
Daniel \Wright. 4. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h033.tess.txt
\Vright. 6. Phebe; married Knapp. 
\Vright.+6.+Phebe;+married+Knapp.+
\Wright. 6. Phoebe; married Knapp. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h033.tess.txt
Daniel,born I751. 2. Sarah; married 
Daniel,born+I751.+2.+Sarah;+married+
Daniel,born I 751. 2. Sarah; married 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h033.tess.txt
Field. Io. Phebe; married 
 Howlaud. 
Field.+Io.+Phebe;+married+;~;Howlaud.+
Field. Io. Phoebe; married 
Howland. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f055.tess.txt
growled out, and 
 swords drawn. 
growled+out,+and+;~;swords+drawn.+
grow led out, and 
swords drawn. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f055.tess.txt
arm and 
 hurried with him 
arm+and+;~;hurried+with+him+
arm and 
buried with him 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f055.tess.txt
do, he 
 did. Taking them 
do,+he+;~;did.+Taking+them+
do, he 
died. Taking them 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f055.tess.txt
slewhim andman- 
 gled his body 
slewhim+andman-+;~;gled+his+body+
slew him and man- 
gled his body 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f041.tess.txt
they be the 
 nobles or 
they+be+the+;~;nobles+or+
they be the 
nobles orchestra 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f041.tess.txt
the fat ecclesiastics of medieeval 
the+fat+ecclesiastics+of+medieeval+
the fat ecclesiastics of medieval 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d020.tess.txt
child 
 to Holwick Hall,” she 
child+;~;to+Holwick+Hall,”+she+
child 
to Howick Hall," she 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d020.tess.txt
and waiting on 
 folk, a-tending 
and+waiting+on+;~;folk,+a-tending+
and waiting on 
folk, a-wedding 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d020.tess.txt

 indeed!” and again the ghastly 
;~;indeed!”+and+again+the+ghastly+

indeed!" and again the ghostly 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d020.tess.txt

 ing your thigh-bone these forty 
;~;ing+your+thigh-bone+these+forty+

in your thigh-bone these forty 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c026.tess.txt
my mother looked toward us 
my+mother+looked+toward+us+
my mother looked towards us 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j017.tess.txt
pro- 
 rided the area is 
pro-+;~;rided+the+area+is+
pro- 
ride the area is 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j017.tess.txt

 ing the cane. The cane 
;~;ing+the+cane.+The+cane+

in the cane. The cane 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j017.tess.txt

 A loop is thus formed 
;~;A+loop+is+thus+formed+

A loop is this formed 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j033.tess.txt
RESEATING A CHAIR; HAND CANING 
RESEATING+A+CHAIR;+HAND+CANING+
RESETTING A CHAIR; HAND CANING 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j033.tess.txt
seat is ready 
 for caning. 
seat+is+ready+;~;for+caning.+
seat is ready 
for canning. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i034.tess.txt
to 
 several and urged them 
to+;~;several+and+urged+them+
to 
several and turned them 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e041.tess.txt

 pastorals introduces a damsel complaining 
;~;pastorals+introduces+a+damsel+complaining+

pastorale introduces a damsel complaining 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e041.tess.txt
term strophium, 
 zone, mitra, custula, 
term+strophium,+;~;zone,+mitra,+custula,+
term strophium, 
zone, mitra, custura, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a058.tess.txt
catastrophe,” as they termed it. 
catastrophe,”+as+they+termed+it.+
catastrophe," as they turned it. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a029.tess.txt

 ofBerlin, the martyr roll of 
;~;ofBerlin,+the+martyr+roll+of+

of Berlin, the martyr roll of 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a029.tess.txt
of the poweiful Governments of 
of+the+poweiful+Governments+of+
of the powerful Governments of 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d027.tess.txt

 
 In a way, doubtless, Audry’s 
;~;;~;In+a+way,+doubtless,+Audry’s+


In a way, doubtless, Audrey's 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d027.tess.txt
Audry had some dainty or 
Audry+had+some+dainty+or+
Audrey had some dainty or 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d027.tess.txt
one thing after another had 
one+thing+after+another+had+
one thing after another hd 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d027.tess.txt
sold. 
 
 Audry in her rough, 
sold.+;~;;~;Audry+in+her+rough,+
sold. 

Audrey in her rough, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j025.tess.txt
keep the canes as straight 
keep+the+canes+as+straight+
keep the changes as straight 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j025.tess.txt
12 illustrates a frame caned 
12+illustrates+a+frame+caned+
12 illustrates a frame canned 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c023.tess.txt
name is Eean, 
 and the 
name+is+Eean,+;~;and+the+
name is Een, 
and the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e018.tess.txt
of Polenqui,.one of the mysterious 
of+Polenqui,.one+of+the+mysterious+
of Palenque,.one of the mysterious 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e018.tess.txt
a has-relief repre- 
 senting a 
a+has-relief+repre-+;~;senting+a+
ahas-relief repre- 
setting a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e018.tess.txt
with 
 the lace to the 
with+;~;the+lace+to+the+
with 
the race to the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i031.tess.txt
quickly from ﬁlling 
 through them. 
quickly+from+ﬁlling+;~;through+them.+
quickly from falling 
through the. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d048.tess.txt
child making any eifort 
 to 
child+making+any+eifort+;~;to+
child making any effort 
to 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d048.tess.txt
get it. Aline herself indeed 
get+it.+Aline+herself+indeed+
get it. Alone herself indeed 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h048.tess.txt
married, 3. by Esq. Ennons, 
married,+3.+by+Esq.+Ennons,+
married, 3. by Esq. Annonce, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h048.tess.txt
married \Varren Horton. He died 
married+\Varren+Horton.+He+died+
married \Warren Horton. He died 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h048.tess.txt
it was Cornelius Stephanse Muldor, 
it+was+Cornelius+Stephanse+Muldor,+
it was Cornelius Stephens emulador, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h048.tess.txt
Van Rensalaer, and originally 
 from 
Van+Rensalaer,+and+originally+;~;from+
Van Rensselaer, and originally 
from 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h048.tess.txt
David Lee, of Duchess Co., 
David+Lee,+of+Duchess+Co.,+
David Lee, of Dutchess Co., 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h048.tess.txt
Swarthout. 
 
 . \Villiam Edward, born 14 
Swarthout.+;~;;~;.+\Villiam+Edward,+born+14+
Swarthout. 

. \William Edward, born 14 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a086.tess.txt
ifI translated the two words 
ifI+translated+the+two+words+
if I translated the two words 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a086.tess.txt
of “ Etchmiatzin ” (only 
of+“+Etchmiatzin+”+~;~only+
of " Etchmiadzin " (only 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d050.tess.txt

 a funeral here to-night,” Aline 
;~;a+funeral+here+to-night,”+Aline+

a funeral here tonight," Alive 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d050.tess.txt
mysterious 
 tones, “You know John 
mysterious+;~;tones,+“You+know+John+
mysterious 
stones, "You know John 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i020.tess.txt
Coastthe “Lucy” 
 would show a. 
Coastthe+“Lucy”+;~;would+show+a.+
Coast the "Lucy" 
would show a. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f034.tess.txt
WA YMEN 
 
 entrusted to her 
WA+YMEN+;~;;~;entrusted+to+her+
WAY MEN 

entrusted to her 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f034.tess.txt

 the market. To convince Ratsey 
;~;the+market.+To+convince+Ratsey+

the market. To convince Ramsey 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c053.tess.txt
were of a treasure. Zabulun, 
were+of+a+treasure.+Zabulun,+
were of a treasure. Zebulun, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c053.tess.txt

 that and of nothing else. 
;~;that+and+of+nothing+else.+

that end of nothing else. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c053.tess.txt
silent when my master spoke 
silent+when+my+master+spoke+
silent when my master spoken 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a013.tess.txt
\VHY AND \YHEREITORE. 
 
 In making 
\VHY+AND+\YHEREITORE.+;~;;~;In+making+
\VHY AND \THEREFORE. 

In making 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a013.tess.txt
Ihave found three marked characteristics 
Ihave+found+three+marked+characteristics+
I have found three market characteristics 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a013.tess.txt
must reap the whirl- 
 wind. 
must+reap+the+whirl-+;~;wind.+
must read the whirl- 
wind. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c043.tess.txt
seventh wall is plated with 
seventh+wall+is+plated+with+
seventh wall is played with 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c043.tess.txt
palace, and my master 
 spoke 
palace,+and+my+master+;~;spoke+
palace, and my master 
spoken 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a052.tess.txt
CIVILIZED 
 EUROPE. 
 
 “ Hear then 
CIVILIZED+;~;EUROPE.+;~;;~;“+Hear+then+
CIVILIZED 
EUROPE. 

" Hear them 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a052.tess.txt
age of trumpeted 
 progress, ofboasted 
age+of+trumpeted+;~;progress,+ofboasted+
age of trumped 
progress, of boosted 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a052.tess.txt
wherein history has recorded the 
wherein+history+has+recorded+the+
where in history has recorded the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a052.tess.txt
extenuatingly disclaiming, a mildly rebuking 
extenuatingly+disclaiming,+a+mildly+rebuking+
extenuating disclaiming, a mildly rebuking 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a052.tess.txt
sweetly frowning, 
 smilingly denouncing, Disapprover. 
sweetly+frowning,+;~;smilingly+denouncing,+Disapprover.+
sweetly frowning, 
smilingly denouncing, Disapproved. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f023.tess.txt
their 
 villainies with Royalist partisanship, 
their+;~;villainies+with+Royalist+partisanship,+
their 
villains with Royalist partisanship, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f023.tess.txt
all the 
 glamour and tinselled 
all+the+;~;glamour+and+tinselled+
all the 
glamour and installed 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f023.tess.txt
vermin as 
 the footpads, who 
vermin+as+;~;the+footpads,+who+
vermin as 
the foot pads, who 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f023.tess.txt
those of pickpocket, card-sharper, and 
those+of+pickpocket,+card-sharper,+and+
those of pickpocket, cards harper, and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f023.tess.txt
whose instincts 
 could not, in 
whose+instincts+;~;could+not,+in+
whose instincts 
could not, initialize 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e066.tess.txt
ladies of Venice—Philip Stubs on 
ladies+of+Venice—Philip+Stubs+on+
ladies of Venice-Philip Stubbs on 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e066.tess.txt
Isabel of 
 Bavaria. The “sugar-loaf” 
Isabel+of+;~;Bavaria.+The+“sugar-loaf”+
Isabella of 
Bavaria. The "sugar-loaf" 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h044.tess.txt

 
 By second wife : 
 
 9. \Villiam, 
;~;;~;By+second+wife+:+;~;;~;9.+\Villiam,+


By second wife : 

9. \William, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h044.tess.txt
married, about 1800, LUCY 
 THOMPSON, 
married,+about+1800,+LUCY+;~;THOMPSON,+
married, about 1800, LUCKY 
THOMPSON, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h044.tess.txt
15. Luman P., 
 married Phebe 
15.+Luman+P.,+;~;married+Phebe+
15. Luxman P., 
married Phoebe 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h044.tess.txt
' 
 Bullis, moved to Rochelle, Ill. 
'+;~;Bullis,+moved+to+Rochelle,+Ill.+
' 
Bullis, moved to Rochelle, Il. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h044.tess.txt
in Horn Brook Cemetery. 
 
 V. 
in+Horn+Brook+Cemetery.+;~;;~;V.+
in HornBrook Cemetery. 

V. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c050.tess.txt
throne in his 
 palace,” Zabulun 
throne+in+his+;~;palace,”+Zabulun+
throne in his 
palace," Zebulun 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c050.tess.txt
chamber.” 
 
 Again and again Zabulun 
chamber.”+;~;;~;Again+and+again+Zabulun+
chamber." 

Again and again Zebulon 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j060.tess.txt
sand and cocoanut husks to 
sand+and+cocoanut+husks+to+
sand and coconut husks to 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j060.tess.txt
may be procured in large 
may+be+procured+in+large+
may be produced in large 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c018.tess.txt
told 
 you, and every one 
told+;~;you,+and+every+one+
told 
you, and everyone 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i028.tess.txt
THE LUSITANIA’S LAST VOYAGE 
 
 to 
THE+LUSITANIA’S+LAST+VOYAGE+;~;;~;to+
THE LUSITANIA LAST VOYAGE 

to 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i028.tess.txt
them, so there 
 didn’t seem 
them,+so+there+;~;didn’t+seem+
them, so they 
didn't seem 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e027.tess.txt
sleeves, terminating in gold fringes. 
sleeves,+terminating+in+gold+fringes.+
sleeves, terminating in gold fingers. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e027.tess.txt
I had never beheld skins 
I+had+never+beheld+skins+
I had never be held skins 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e027.tess.txt
“Thurida,” the daughter of Brahama,. 
“Thurida,”+the+daughter+of+Brahama,.+
"Thiruda," the daughter of Abraham,. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e027.tess.txt
is thus 
 described by a 
is+thus+;~;described+by+a+
is this 
described by a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c034.tess.txt
ENCHANTER 
 
 nothing before me nor 
ENCHANTER+;~;;~;nothing+before+me+nor+
ENCHANTER 

nothing before menor 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c034.tess.txt
bow in his hands. 31y 
bow+in+his+hands.+31y+
bow in his hands. 31 y 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c034.tess.txt
hand. \Vhen my master came 
hand.+\Vhen+my+master+came+
hand. \When my master came 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j053.tess.txt

 The method is this: Go 
;~;The+method+is+this:+Go+

The method is this: Good 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a043.tess.txt
Near East. Yet, through innumerable 
Near+East.+Yet,+through+innumerable+
Near East. Yet, through ienumerable 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a043.tess.txt
true patriotism ever survives. 
 
 
 
 MATTHEVOSE 
true+patriotism+ever+survives.+;~;;~;;~;;~;MATTHEVOSE+
true patriotism ever survives. 



MAT THE VOICE 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a043.tess.txt
EZMERLIAN. 
 
 Catholieos and Supreme Patriarch 
EZMERLIAN.+;~;;~;Catholieos+and+Supreme+Patriarch+
IZMIRLIAN. 

Catholicos and Supreme Patriarch 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a043.tess.txt
the Hamidian Government, he returned 
the+Hamidian+Government,+he+returned+
the Namibian Government, he returned 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a021.tess.txt
Does Huma11ity,'does Christianity allow that 
Does+Huma11ity,'does+Christianity+allow+that+
Does Humanity,'does Christianity allow that 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a021.tess.txt
agonies, and your babes 
 and 
agonies,+and+your+babes+;~;and+
agonist, and your babies 
and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a021.tess.txt
on the look out lest 
on+the+look+out+lest+
on the lookout last 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a021.tess.txt
our separate political and 
 commeicial 
our+separate+political+and+;~;commeicial+
our separate political and 
commercial 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a041.tess.txt
called lﬂtchmiatzin, or“ The Only-Begottcn 
called+lﬂtchmiatzin,+or“+The+Only-Begottcn+
called lfltchmiatzin, or" The Only-Begotten 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a041.tess.txt
hurricane that hid the 
 cone 
hurricane+that+hid+the+;~;cone+
hurricane that hit the 
cone 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a041.tess.txt
the 
 homes ofArmenians round Ararat, 
the+;~;homes+ofArmenians+round+Ararat,+
the 
homes of Armenians round Ararat, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a041.tess.txt
death, he devoted himselfto the 
death,+he+devoted+himselfto+the+
death, he devoted himself to the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a041.tess.txt
contest, though continually defeated, his 
contest,+though+continually+defeated,+his+
contest, through continually defeated, his 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a041.tess.txt
pitilcss slaughter of Bulgarians and 
pitilcss+slaughter+of+Bulgarians+and+
pitiless slaughter of Bulgarians and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a041.tess.txt
observed. Beaconsiield returned to London 
observed.+Beaconsiield+returned+to+London+
observed. Beaconsfield returned to London 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j026.tess.txt
com- 
 monly used in Carolean 
com-+;~;monly+used+in+Carolean+
com- 
money used in Carolean 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f038.tess.txt
to note how this runs, 
to+note+how+this+runs,+
to not how this runs, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f038.tess.txt
to provide for ten or 
to+provide+for+ten+or+
to provide for tenor 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f038.tess.txt
and, 
 furiously attacking the sheriﬁ’s 
and,+;~;furiously+attacking+the+sheriﬁ’s+
and, 
furiously attacking the sheriff's 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a068.tess.txt
under the 
 branches thereof. Ipray 
under+the+;~;branches+thereof.+Ipray+
under the 
branches thereof. I pray 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a068.tess.txt
it is not so decreed 
it+is+not+so+decreed+
it is not so secret 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a068.tess.txt

 dares to slay or imprison 
;~;dares+to+slay+or+imprison+

dares to say or imprison 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e010.tess.txt
its aid will ever be 
its+aid+will+ever+be+
it said will never be 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e010.tess.txt

 dispensed with so long as 
;~;dispensed+with+so+long+as+

dispenser with so long as 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e010.tess.txt
to lay before the reader 
to+lay+before+the+reader+
to play before the reader 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e010.tess.txt
at the 
 time the severest 
at+the+;~;time+the+severest+
at the 
time the everest 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j016.tess.txt

 Thruout the seven operations it 
;~;Thruout+the+seven+operations+it+

Throughout the seven operations it 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j016.tess.txt
ﬁrs 
 no. 5. METHOD or 
ﬁrs+;~;no.+5.+METHOD+or+
first 
no. 5. METHOD or 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j016.tess.txt
about M in. from the 
about+M+in.+from+the+
about Men. from the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j016.tess.txt
thi: 
 binding is done. The 
thi:+;~;binding+is+done.+The+
this: 
binding is done. The 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j016.tess.txt
from caned side 
 toward the 
from+caned+side+;~;toward+the+
from canned side 
toward the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h049.tess.txt
Wright Horton and Anna Quereau, 
Wright+Horton+and+Anna+Quereau,+
Wright Horton and Anna Queneau, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h049.tess.txt
Bedford, N. Y., by Daton 
Bedford,+N.+Y.,+by+Daton+
Bedford, N. Y., by Dalton 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h049.tess.txt
Clapsadale. 
 
 3. June Elizabeth, born 
Clapsadale.+;~;;~;3.+June+Elizabeth,+born+
Clapsaddle. 

3. June Elizabeth, born 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h049.tess.txt
living at Riehﬁeld Springs, Otsego 
living+at+Riehﬁeld+Springs,+Otsego+
living at Richfield Springs, Otsego 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h049.tess.txt
Thomas Tompkins, Esq., to P11131313 
Thomas+Tompkins,+Esq.,+to+P11131313+
Thomas Tompkins, Sq., to P11131313 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h049.tess.txt
and resides at Peeks— 
 kill. 
and+resides+at+Peeks—+;~;kill.+
and residences at Peeks- 
kill. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j023.tess.txt
upright slanted. Bleasurements are begun 
upright+slanted.+Bleasurements+are+begun+
upright slanted. Pleasurements are begun 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h028.tess.txt
his brother Joshua was execu- 
his+brother+Joshua+was+execu-+
his brother Joshua was executed- 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h028.tess.txt
Mousely, England, 1637; 
 came to 
Mousely,+England,+1637;+;~;came+to+
Moseley, England, 1637; 
came to 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h028.tess.txt
without issue. (Vida “Zl/aore’s 
 Indexes 
without+issue.+~;~Vida+“Zl/aore’s+;~;Indexes+
without issue. (Vida "Zl/amore's 
Indexes 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h028.tess.txt
Connecticut, 1664. Land deeded to 
Connecticut,+1664.+Land+deeded+to+
Connecticut, 1664. Land needed to 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c029.tess.txt

 princes who had gone against 
;~;princes+who+had+gone+against+

princess who had gone against 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/c029.tess.txt
spars and the timbers of 
spars+and+the+timbers+of+
spears and the timbers of 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d042.tess.txt
room. 
 But at last she 
room.+;~;But+at+last+she+
room. 
But at least she 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h020.tess.txt
neere Southold, at a place 
neere+Southold,+at+a+place+
near Southold, at a place 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h020.tess.txt
Constables last 
 yeare, which was 
Constables+last+;~;yeare,+which+was+
Constables last 
year, which was 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i015.tess.txt
mind 
 Are agents of Thy 
mind+;~;Are+agents+of+Thy+
mind 
Are agents of The 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i015.tess.txt
purpose and Thy plan, 
 
 Which 
purpose+and+Thy+plan,+;~;;~;Which+
purpose and The plan, 

Which 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/i015.tess.txt
GABRISON, JB. 
 
 (Reprinted by permission 
GABRISON,+JB.+;~;;~;~;~Reprinted+by+permission+
GARRISON, JB. 
;(;~Reprinted by permission 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j045.tess.txt
in manual trainig shops. Rush' 
in+manual+trainig+shops.+Rush'+
in manual training shops. Rush' 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j045.tess.txt
still clings to 
 the seat 
still+clings+to+;~;the+seat+
still clings to 
the sea 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f051.tess.txt
that afternoon, and attendsand surpasses 
that+afternoon,+and+attendsand+surpasses+
that afternoon, and attendant surpasses 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e036.tess.txt
which woman wrested from Nature 
which+woman+wrested+from+Nature+
which woman wrestler from Nature 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e036.tess.txt
a dress worthy of her 
a+dress+worthy+of+her+
address worthy of her 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e036.tess.txt
intermixture of colours, though, in 
intermixture+of+colours,+though,+in+
intermixture of colours, through, in 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e036.tess.txt

 all her ornaments, and decked 
;~;all+her+ornaments,+and+decked+

all her ornaments, and decker 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a028.tess.txt
1907 tries to palliate the 
1907+tries+to+palliate+the+
1907 tries to pollinate the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a027.tess.txt
to that time among non-Moslem 
to+that+time+among+non-Moslem+
to that time among non-Muslims 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a027.tess.txt
of all true Osmanlis melted 
of+all+true+Osmanlis+melted+
of all true Osmanli smelted 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a027.tess.txt
these fatherlcss and brotherlcss 
 orphans, 
these+fatherlcss+and+brotherlcss+;~;orphans,+
these fatherless and brother lcss 
orphans, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a027.tess.txt
widows hungry, naked, and barefoot 
widows+hungry,+naked,+and+barefoot+
windows hungry, naked, and barefoot 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a027.tess.txt
facile explanation of Ahmed Riza 
facile+explanation+of+Ahmed+Riza+
facile explanation of Ahmed Raza 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d033.tess.txt

 ishness and harshness that belongs 
;~;ishness+and+harshness+that+belongs+

shyness and harshness that belongs 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a034.tess.txt
to rouse the vilest passions 
to+rouse+the+vilest+passions+
to rouse the violent passions 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a034.tess.txt
General who dis- 
 tinguished himself 
General+who+dis-+;~;tinguished+himself+
General who dis- 
anguished himself 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f012.tess.txt
viii PREFA CE 
 
 from Smith, 
viii+PREFA+CE+;~;;~;from+Smith,+
viii PREFACE 

from Smith, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f012.tess.txt
diﬂiculty—the almost insuperable (liﬂiculty 
 —of 
diﬂiculty—the+almost+insuperable+~;~liﬂiculty+;~;—of+
difficulty-the almost insuperable (lifliculty 
-of 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j014.tess.txt

 divisions as near % in. as 
;~;divisions+as+near+%+in.+as+

divisions as near % in. asl 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j014.tess.txt
the rails and stiles at 
the+rails+and+stiles+at+
the rails and styles at 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j014.tess.txt

 
 
 
 >_$T é ~lal— 
 
 ‘IN 
 
 
 
 FIG. 
;~;;~;;~;;~;>_$T+é+~lal—+;~;;~;‘IN+;~;;~;;~;;~;FIG.+




>_$T é ~la- 

'IN 



FIG. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j014.tess.txt
the seven steps in 
 caning. 
the+seven+steps+in+;~;caning.+
the seven steps in 
canning. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j014.tess.txt
thru a holenext to a 
thru+a+holenext+to+a+
thru a hole next to a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b017.tess.txt

 pleting the number of plates 
;~;pleting+the+number+of+plates+

playing the number of plates 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b017.tess.txt
muscular action superinduced on character, 
muscular+action+superinduced+on+character,+
muscular action super induced on character, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b017.tess.txt
in them an inﬁnite variety 
in+them+an+inﬁnite+variety+
in the man infinite variety 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b017.tess.txt
faee—but of this we are 
faee—but+of+this+we+are+
fear-but of this we are 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b017.tess.txt
little Expression, in the reposing 
little+Expression,+in+the+reposing+
little Expression, in the reporting 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/b017.tess.txt
which is shewn in the 
which+is+shewn+in+the+
which is shown in the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e034.tess.txt
stones, were within the reach 
stones,+were+within+the+reach+
stones, where within the reach 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e034.tess.txt
be surpassed by their superiors. 
be+surpassed+by+their+superiors.+
be surprised by their superiors. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e034.tess.txt
other acces- 
 sories of the 
other+acces-+;~;sories+of+the+
other access- 
stories of the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j052.tess.txt
strands have been woven over 
strands+have+been+woven+over+
strands have been women over 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j007.tess.txt
FOREWORD 
 
 \Voodworking shops in manual 
FOREWORD+;~;;~;\Voodworking+shops+in+manual+
FOREWORD 

\Woodworking shops in manual 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j007.tess.txt
in a handwork 
 curriculum. However, 
in+a+handwork+;~;curriculum.+However,+
in a hand work 
curriculum. However, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j007.tess.txt
not suf- 
 ficient, and needs 
not+suf-+;~;ficient,+and+needs+
not safe- 
efficient, and needs 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j007.tess.txt

 vocation. 
 
 A definite way to 
;~;vocation.+;~;;~;A+definite+way+to+

vacation. 

A definite way to 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j007.tess.txt
prove a diﬁicult task to 
prove+a+diﬁicult+task+to+
prove a difficult task to 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j068.tess.txt
short rails are entirely 
 wrapped. 
short+rails+are+entirely+;~;wrapped.+
short nails are entirely 
wrapped. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/j068.tess.txt

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 FIG. 53. WOVEN TOP sroons. 
;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;;~;FIG.+53.+WOVEN+TOP+sroons.+












FIG. 53. WOVEN TOP spoons. 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a073.tess.txt
nothing 
 more in Genesis, ofjaphet, 
nothing+;~;more+in+Genesis,+ofjaphet,+
nothing 
more in Genesis, of japhet, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a073.tess.txt
and Meschech, and Tiras 
 
 “And 
and+Meschech,+and+Tiras+;~;;~;“And+
and Meshach, and Tiaras 

"And 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a073.tess.txt
and Riphath and Togarmah. 
 " And 
and+Riphath+and+Togarmah.+;~;"+And+
and Riphah and Togarmah. 
" And 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a073.tess.txt
the sons Javan ; Elishah and 
the+sons+Javan+;+Elishah+and+
the sons Javan ; Elijah and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a073.tess.txt
Tarshish, Kittim and Dodamin. 
 
 “By 
Tarshish,+Kittim+and+Dodamin.+;~;;~;“By+
Tarshish, Kittin and Dopamine. 

"By 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a073.tess.txt
these were the isles ofthe 
these+were+the+isles+ofthe+
these were the isles of the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a073.tess.txt
develop- 
 ing their own families, 
develop-+;~;ing+their+own+families,+
develop- 
in their own families, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a073.tess.txt
and villages 
 in Armenia. “No 
and+villages+;~;in+Armenia.+“No+
and villages 
in Armenia. "Now 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a073.tess.txt
aighee" (Noah’s vineyard) is the 
aighee"+~;~Noah’s+vineyard;0;+is+the+
apigee" (Noah's vineyard) is the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/e056.tess.txt
was 
 
 “ Long as a 
was+;~;;~;“+Long+as+a+
as 

" Long as a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a014.tess.txt
loss of life. Hadjim, Kessab 
loss+of+life.+Hadjim,+Kessab+
loss of life. Hajime, Kessab 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a014.tess.txt
and the neigh- 
 bouring Villages 
and+the+neigh-+;~;bouring+Villages+
and the night- 
burning Villages 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f042.tess.txt
24 HALEHO URS WITH THE 
24+HALEHO+URS+WITH+THE+
24 HALE HOURS WITH THE 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f042.tess.txt
HIGHWA YMEIV 
 
 proved hopeless. He 
HIGHWA+YMEIV+;~;;~;proved+hopeless.+He+
HIGHWAY YMEIV 

proved hopeless. He 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f042.tess.txt
they levied 
 toll upon the 
they+levied+;~;toll+upon+the+
they live 
toll upon the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f042.tess.txt
countryside, and nerved with the 
countryside,+and+nerved+with+the+
countryside, and served with the 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a064.tess.txt
of 
 the two sexes t0 
of+;~;the+two+sexes+t0+
of 
the two sexiest 0 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a064.tess.txt
while to extend equal 1ights 
while+to+extend+equal+1ights+
while to extend equal rights 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a064.tess.txt
Not the unbendingr 
 caste exclusiveness 
Not+the+unbendingr+;~;caste+exclusiveness+
Not the unbending 
caste exclusiveness 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a064.tess.txt
be 
 a Mahommedan, is enough—Cam 
be+;~;a+Mahommedan,+is+enough—Cam+
be 
a Mohammedan, is enough-Cam 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a064.tess.txt
the Mahommedan is above all 
the+Mahommedan+is+above+all+
the Mohammedan is above all 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d035.tess.txt
ﬁnd it out!” 
 
 “Well, it 
ﬁnd+it+out!”+;~;;~;“Well,+it+
find it out!" 

"Will, it 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h047.tess.txt
Fish. 
 
 7. James Le Roy, 
Fish.+;~;;~;7.+James+Le+Roy,+
Fish. 

7. James LeRoy, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h047.tess.txt
no children. 2. Henry Trumper, 
no+children.+2.+Henry+Trumper,+
no children. 2. Henry Trumpet, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/h047.tess.txt
6 July, 1818; she 

6+July,+1818;+she+;~;
6 July, 18; she 


/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d054.tess.txt
me, Mis- 
 tress Aline, and 
me,+Mis-+;~;tress+Aline,+and+
me, Mis- 
tres sAline, and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/d054.tess.txt
thing,” said Audry, “but do 
thing,”+said+Audry,+“but+do+
thing," said Audrey, "but do 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g024.tess.txt
Florida td ' 
 Vera Cruz, until 
Florida+td+'+;~;Vera+Cruz,+until+
Florida td ' 
VeraCruz, until 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a022.tess.txt
\ou that 
 the conditions of 
\ou+that+;~;the+conditions+of+
\out what 
the conditions of 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a022.tess.txt
No l my Christian friends, 
No+l+my+Christian+friends,+
Not my Christian friends, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a065.tess.txt
of 
 religion, and long g1own 
of+;~;religion,+and+long+g1own+
of 
religion, and long gown 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a065.tess.txt
ofwhose lives comprises 
 murder and 
ofwhose+lives+comprises+;~;murder+and+
of whose lives comprises 
murder and 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a065.tess.txt
comfort, 
 happiness, and securityo flife 
comfort,+;~;happiness,+and+securityo+flife+
comfort, 
happiness, and security of life 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a059.tess.txt
“ Niku Dan 
 translated into 
“+Niku+Dan+;~;translated+into+
" NikuDan 
translated into 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a059.tess.txt
best 
 known oflanguages; and its 
best+;~;known+oflanguages;+and+its+
best 
known of languages; and its 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a059.tess.txt
p1aised. 
 The book IS a 
p1aised.+;~;The+book+IS+a+
praise. 
The book IS a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a059.tess.txt
graphic narrative ofthe most terrible 
graphic+narrative+ofthe+most+terrible+
graphic narrative of the most terrible 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a059.tess.txt
merit, a page 011 which23 
merit,+a+page+011+which23+
merit, a page 011 which 23 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a059.tess.txt
w1re entangle- 
 ments, and exploding 
w1re+entangle-+;~;ments,+and+exploding+
w1re entangle- 
ment, and exploding 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a059.tess.txt
wairior who stormed and took 
wairior+who+stormed+and+took+
warrior who stormed and took 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/a059.tess.txt
the most imp1ef1nable fortress 
 in 
the+most+imp1ef1nable+fortress+;~;in+
the most impregnable fortress 
in 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f020.tess.txt
age of Captain Hind, Swiftnicks, 
age+of+Captain+Hind,+Swiftnicks,+
age of Captain Hind, Swift nicks, 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/f020.tess.txt
and 
 Du Vall, whose exploits 
and+;~;Du+Vall,+whose+exploits+
and 
DuVall, whose exploits 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g022.tess.txt
d’ Anchusi as only a 
d’+Anchusi+as+only+a+
d' Anchusa as only a 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g022.tess.txt
refuge for temporary repose, from 
refuge+for+temporary+repose,+from+
refuge for temporary response, from 

/home/banshee/Pictures/ocr-images/Database/300dpi/tesseract/ocr/g022.tess.txt
By eaves-dropping on a dark 
By+eaves-dropping+on+a+dark+
By eavesdropping on a dark 

tempo total:23617.3665419
numero de queries:17456
numero de queries corrigidas:487